--> Features of Java
Simple and Easy to Learn.
Object-Oriented Programming.
Platform Independence.
Automatic Memory Management.
Security.
Rich API.
Multithreading.
High Performance.

--> Working Of Java
The basic flow is that it is first compiled from source code into what we call bytecode. 
Then, it is interpreted to machine code using an interpreter named JVM, which stands for Java Virtual Machine. 
This interpretation happens at runtime, so you can refer to Java as an interpreted language and also a compiled language.

--> JDK,JVM,JRE
----->JDK
Java Development Kit (JDK) is a software development environment used for developing Java applications and applets. 
It includes the Java Runtime Environment (JRE), an interpreter/loader (Java), a compiler (javac), an archiver (jar),
a documentation generator (Javadoc), and other tools needed in Java development. 
----->JVM
JVM (Java Virtual Machine) is an abstract machine that enables your computer to run a Java program.
When you run the Java program, Java compiler first compiles your Java code to bytecode. 
Then, the JVM translates bytecode into native machine code (set of instructions that a computer's CPU executes directly).
Java is a platform-independent language. It's because when you write Java code, it's ultimately written for JVM but not your physical machine (computer). 
Since JVM executes the Java bytecode which is platform-independent, Java is platform-independent.
----->JRE
JRE (Java Runtime Environment) is a software package that provides Java class libraries, Java Virtual Machine (JVM), and other components that are 
required to run Java applications.
JRE is the superset of JVM.
----->JIT
The JIT compiler helps improve the performance of Java programs by compiling bytecodes into native machine code at run time. 
The JIT compiler is enabled by default. When a method has been compiled, the JVM calls the compiled code of that method directly 
instead of interpreting it.

--> Why JAVA is Secured Language?
In a world where software security is of paramount importance, Java stands out as one of the most secure programming languages. 
Its platform independence, memory management, strong typing, exception handling, security manager, and active community support 
all contribute to its reputation for security.

--> Why JAVA is Platform Independent? 
Java is platform-independent because it is compiled to a bytecode that can be run on any device that has a Java Virtual Machine (JVM). 
This means that you can write a Java program on one platform (such as Windows) and then run it on a different platform (such as macOS or Linux) 
without making any changes to the code.
